black girl story is gonna be quick so I
was at my used to work at Target I
worked overnight and what I did was put
boxes out it was sweet did not deal with
custom you didn't really have to talk to
anybody so you can just chill listen
music and I was the only asian guy there
and there's bunch of black girls there
one was the name like toin shoes or
kwakye shisha as she was pretty ghetto
she had like purple leaf there's another
lady
and they weren't bad looking it's just
that I'm not trying to you know hook up
with anybody work because that's just
not cool and
and so
the first thing like
one of them said to me as I hey it's
like right around when Virginia Tech had
that shooting and that s sad thing the
korean guy and the first thing she's
like hey you look like that korean guy
from tech that shot up if it's like what
woman wouldn't wrong with you i'm about
to do you know the back here like yeah
that's not coming i'm not gonna hit her
but I'm just saying that's what felt
like I want to do she's like called me
like I look like the guy that shot up
everybody and I don't look anything like
oh it feels like all you asians look
alike I okay and like whatever I didn't
wasn't really that Ben that's like haha
yeah I just felt really awkward and so
um like later on she were just like
chill nutshell just like talk a little
bit and so I found she had a kid and
stuff pinellas got they always have a
kids the ones that like me and so I she
was talking to me and for some reason
I'm the smallest person air support your
big black guys there this is overnight
and they're like hey you you should go
unload the truck and the truck is like
10 feet it's like that truck right there
a BF that you can see maybe and it's
like 10-feet tall I'm like 53 and so
there's other guys there's like 65
hey you're fast and ninja like you
should be able to like reach in there
and take all the boxes and so I was like
standing fill in the boxes off from the
top and the other guy was catching
laughing something to like the smalls
guy in there like do the thing and so
then I was working on the line one time
and the girl come yet another North
Korean guy which is like hey I always
wanted agent baby
and I was like are you serious it's like
hey since you know you're the only one
qualified to you know
I'll do that for me we should make a
baby I'm just like whoa woman that's
wrong with you with all the fellas in
that place got mad because she was
attractive and I just like yo we've been
hitting on her for like red ribbon are
you birdy birdy even like he just talked
to her like friend and you don't even
like like try anything with her and
she's like all over you look like dude
she just asked me to make her a baby she
wants to be her asian baby daddy and so
this black girls black lady wanted me to
be her baby daddy or whatever and uh
I was like um no
and so is my third black girl story I
got like a million more
shut this game off oh snap with the
Santa Claus guy that was in my first
video
let's go say hi
I